what's going on guys clearly here got
some more gaga for dissension and this
is the mini boss fight against the talus
guards okay here we go
let's do this there's a few different
attacks you have to watch out for the
first one is this any time you see him
smash his hammer into the ground setting
create fire under you and this thing
will follow you around everywhere make
sure you run away as fast as you can the
other thing you have to watch out for
are their melee attacks any time you
close up some they'll just start
swinging their hammers around and you
also have to be careful of this even
though they're slow and big they can
somehow launch themselves up in the air
and come crashing down on you so as soon
as you see that big surf on the ground
start running away like their other
attack is gonna follow you around the
last thing you'll have to be careful
with is when they start glowing red when
this happens your basic attacks won't
work and your blaze was just bounced
right off of it there's two ways to go
about this the first way is obviously to
avoid them whenever they're glowing and
the second way is to try and change some
combos that ending magic attacks so for
example if you use square square
triangle with hades weapon and arm will
come up from underground and impact off
so you just got to make sure that only
that part fits them because if you hit
them with any of the attacks leading up
to it it'll just end your combo
nice one down one more to go the best
strategy to use and fighting them is to
make sure you only attack one at a time
focus all your attention on one guy and
then once he's done take on the other
guy if you divide up your attacks you'll
be fighting both of them at the same
time for much longer than you really
should another good strategy is just to
jump up in the air
you keep chaining combos right above
them that way you're automatically
dodging their melee attacks and when
they smash your hammer into the ground
neither of those will be able to hurt
you because you'll be up in the air
you're actually gonna have to fight
these guys a few different times I think
each encounter has a different element
so right now we're fighting the fire
version I think the next one I
and under
alright let's finish mop
there we go he's done so that's it for
this mini boss battle if you guys want
to see more God of War ascension go
subscribe to my channel and I'll catch
you guys later peace